https://fantasy.nationschampionshiprugby.com/en/tnc

ENGLISH
HOME
RULES
TERMS
COMPETITION RULES - TERMS & CONDITIONS

1. The promoter is collectively referred to as “Nations Championship” and represented by the following organisations:

NEW ZEALAND RUGBY UNION INCORPORATED of Level 4, 100 Molesworth Street, Thorndon, Wellington, New Zealand (“NZR”)
RUGBY AUSTRALIA LTD ACN 002 898 544 of Rugby Australia Building, Corner Moore Park Road and Driver Avenue, Moore Park, New South Wales, 2021, Australia (“RA”)
SOUTH AFRICAN RUGBY UNION of SARU House, Tygerberg Office Park, 163 Uys Krige Drive, Plattekloof, 7500, Western Cape Province, South Africa (“SARU”)
UNION ARGENTINA DE RUGBY of Dardo Rocha 2950, B1640, Martinez, Provincia de Buenos Aires, Republica Argentina (“UAR”)
SIX NATIONS RUGBY LIMITED a company incorporated in Ireland under company number 358420 which is tax resident in the United Kingdom where it is registered with company number FC037182 and whose business address is at Thomas House, 84 Eccleston Square, London, England, SW1V 1PX (“SNRL”);

2. This competition (“Competition”) runs until points from the Finals Weekend of the 2026 Nations Championship are confirmed by the Promoter, resulting in the final standings. Points are calculated based on performances in the final round of games and are subject to change in the hours after the game during a validation phase and is open to residents of countries worldwide in which the Competition is not prohibited or unlawful (including Italy), excluding employees of the Promoter, its associated companies and agencies, their immediate families or anyone else involved in the organisation or administration of the Competition. Entrants must be 18 or over at the time they enter the Competition.

3. To enter the Competition, sign in or register at https://fantasy.nationschampionshiprugby.com/ and follow the instructions for entry. Each entrant may only enter the Competition once.

4. Following the conclusion of the final match played in a round during the 2026 NATIONS CHAMPIONSHIP (“Championship”), the entrant whose team has scored the highest number of points in the relevant round (in accordance with the game rules, which are available (click on "rules of the game" once connected) will win a prize (“Weekly Prize”). In addition, following the final round of the Championship, the entrant whose team has scored the highest number of points over the course of the entire Championship will also win a prize (“Grand Prize”).

5. There are 6 categories of prizes in total. The Promoter will make available the Weekly Prizes, the Grand Prize and the Secondary Prizes.

a) 1st Prize – Grand Prize

2x tickets for 2028 Nations Championship Finals Weekend with travel and accommodation included for 2 people

b) Top 5 (2nd to 5th place overall ranking) -

2x tickets for the game of your choice in the Southern/ Northern Hemisphere of the 2028 NC (no match during the final weekend)

c) Weekly Prizes (Prize awarded to the highest scoring user’s team in each gameweek) –

To win - Super Supporter Kit including one full kit (jersey and short), Union piece of merchandise and rugby ball

d) Finals Weekend Super Prize

Random Draw, 2 winners in total.

£200* voucher on the online store of the team of your choice (*equivalent in currency of the winner) Enter the game and select your team before KO of the final weekend of 2026 NC

e) South v North Break

To win - Super Supporter Kit including one full kit (jersey and short), Union piece of merchandise and rugby ball

6. Entrants will be assigned to a league via their “Country Supported” as inputted from their Nation Championship account.

7. To be eligible to win an Influencer League Prize, the entrant must have joined the relevant league prior to the first match of the first round in the Championship.

8. The winners will be contacted directly by the Promoter and given details of how to claim their prize. Reasonable efforts will be made to contact each winner using the details provided by the winner at registration, however if a winner cannot be contacted within 5 days of the Promoter first attempting to make contact, their prize will be forfeited and the entrant whose team scored the next highest number of points in the relevant round of the Championship or over the course of the Championship (as applicable) shall be awarded that prize.

9. Ties:

The following criteria are used to break a tie among competitors for the round and final rankings.

For each round:

- The highest score for the round;

- then, the general ranking of each player after all the matches in the round (the best ranked wins the prize);

- then, the number of tries scored by the rugby players of each team including all the played rounds (the highest wins the prize);

- then, the number of drops scored by the rugby players of each team including all the played rounds (the highest wins the prize);

- then the number of "man of the match" players included in the line-up of each team including all the played rounds (the highest wins the prize); and

- finally a random selection (if necessary)

For General Ranking (at the end of the game):

- The highest score in the competition;

- then, the number of tries scored by the rugby players of each team including all the played rounds (the highest wins the prize);

- then, the number of drops scored by the rugby players of each team including all the played rounds (the highest wins the prize);

- then the number of "man of the match" players included in the line-up of each team including all the played rounds (the highest wins the prize); and

- finally a random selection (if necessary).

10. The prizes are as stated and no alternatives are available. The prizes are non-transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or resold. All costs and expenses not included within the prizes are the sole responsibility of the winner(s).

11. In respect of any awarding of tickets as part of a prize, it is the obligation of the winner to comply, and ensure that their guest complies, with all ticket Terms and Conditions and the Conditions of Ticket Issue of each host Union in each case. The winner must choose the match they would like to attend within two weeks of the Competition closing or as soon as is practicable.

12. Each prize winner may be requested to participate in future publicity. By participating in the Competition, the prize winners and their guests agree that the Promoter may, with prior consent of the prize winners and their guests, record, film and/or photograph their participating in all aspects of the relevant prize and exploit, and authorise third parties to exploit, such films, photographs or recordings in any media now known or hereafter invented in any part of the world and for any purpose whatsoever in perpetuity, with no payment being due to the winners or their guests. The Promoter will, in due time, provide the winner with all the relevant information regarding this specific processing of personal data and request the winner’s consent before implementing said processing.

13. Proof of making an entry does not constitute proof of receipt by the Promoter. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Promoter does not accept any responsibility for entries which for technical or other reasons is unsuccessful, incomplete, lost, late, damaged, corrupted or misdirected. All decisions of the Promoter in respect of the Competition are final.

14. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Promoter excludes liability for any losses, damages or claims incurred by any person in connection with the Competition or receipt or misuse of any prize.

15. By participating in the Competition, each entrant agrees to be bound by, and are deemed to have read and understood, these Terms and Conditions. The entrant declares having the full legal capacity to accept these Terms and Conditions, by itself or through its legal representative acting on its behalf as the case may be.

16. If any provision contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be prohibited by law or adjudged by a court to be unlawful, void or unenforceable such provision shall, to the extent required, be severed from these Terms and Conditions and rendered ineffective as far as possible without modifying the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, and shall not in any way affect the validity or enforcement of the remaining Terms and Conditions.

17. This Competition and these Terms and Conditions are governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute (whether contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in connection with this Competition.

If you have any queries regarding the Competition please contact the Promoter at: support@email.nationschampionshiprugby.com

18. Data protection

When you register to participate in the Competition, the Promoter (or its third-party service provider on the Promoter’s behalf) will collect and process your personal data in accordance with its Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also contains details of the personal data collected. The Promoter’s third-party service provider in connection with the Competition is Sportz Solutions UK Limited.

Provision of the personal data requested as part of the registration process is a contractual requirement. Failure to provide the requested personal data means that you will be unable to register and participate in the Competition.

For the abovementioned purpose, the personal data collected as part of your participation in the Competition is transferred to Sportz Solutions UK Limited in accordance with the Promoter’s Privacy Policy. Sportz Solutions UK Limited is a data processor of the Promoter. Please see the Promoter’s Privacy Policy for more information.

Each surname and country are available to any registered user on request by emailing privacy@sixnationsrugby.com and/or info@sanzarrugby.com within 90 days of the closing date. If you do not want your information to be shared in this way, please contact privacy@sixnationsrugby.com and/or info@sanzarrugby.com, but please note that we will be required to share this information as required pursuant to applicable law. If you do not want your information shared in this way, you should refrain from entering the Competition.

Please see the Promoter’s Privacy Policy for information on how your personal data is retained.

Processing of personal data regarding marketing communication

- Marketing communication by the Promoter.

The Promoter may also collect data relating to consent to receive other communications (“opt-ins”) in accordance with the Promoter’s Privacy Policy. The promoter may also send service communications specifically in relation to the gameplay.